docs: Improve monorepo documentation (#1787)
novuhq/novu: docs/docs/community/monorepo-structure.md

This is the connector between our client's web app and the widget project. It’s a small shim script that generates an iframe and attaches it to a client-specified div to host the notification widget.

> If you are familiar with the Google Analytics embed snippet or intercom-like embeds, it uses the same mechanics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are familiar with the Google Analytics embedded snippet or intercom-like embeddings, it uses the same mechanics.
```
